README.md, before:

# Overview
_P2DFFT_ has simplified the user input and depending on the number of cores available, runs significantly faster than the older serial version, _2DFFT_. Further enhancements include:
* Allowing direct input of FITS images
* Optionally outputting inverse Fourier transform FITS images
* Ability to generate idealized logarithmic spiral test images of a specified size that have 1 to 6 arms with pitch angles of -75 degrees to 75 degrees
* Ability to output Fourier amplitude versus inner radius and pitch angle versus inner radius for each Fourier component (m = 0 to m = 6)
* Ability to calculate the Fourier amplitude weighted mean pitch angle across m = 1 to m = 6 versus inner radius

* * *
# Citation
_P2DFFT_ is in the process of being published and is therefore considered proprietary at the moment. We are willing to share the code in exchange for co-authorship. If you are interested in using this new code, please contact [Patrick Treuthardt](mailto:patrick.treuthardt@naturalsciences.org) or [Marc Seigar](mailto:msseigar@d.umn.edu).

_2DFFT_ can be found [here](http://www.d.umn.edu/~msseigar/2DFFT/2DFFT.tar.gz).  If you publish results using this code, please cite the following paper:

[Davis, B. L., Berrier, J. C., Shields, D. W, et al., _Measurement of Galactic Logarithmic Spiral Arm Pitch Angle Using Two-Dimensional Fast Fourier Transform Decomposition_, ApJS, 199: 33 (2012)](http://iopscience.iop.org/0067-0049/199/2/33/).
* * *
# Available Versions

[p2dfft-3.5.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.5.tgz) (Major updates to avg.py output plotting program, bug fixes, and usuability enhancements)

[p2dfft-3.3.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.2.tgz) (Updated instructions, add support for reentrant flag in CFITSIO libraries, and correct error in handling ASCII FITS files)

[p2dfft-3.2.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.2.tgz) (Eliminated compatibility issue between C++11 and GCC versions older than 4.9)

[p2dfft-3.1.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.1.tgz)

Commit message:

Release 4.0 - Major update to switch to using the Harvard FFTW3 libraries for performance and better licensing terms.  Also further updates to avg.py output plotting program, bug fixes, additional documentation, and more usuability enhancements.

README.md, after:

# Overview
_P2DFFT_ has simplified the user input and depending on the number of cores available, runs significantly faster than the older serial version, _2DFFT_. Further enhancements include:
* Allowing direct input of FITS images
* Optionally outputting inverse Fourier transform FITS images
* Ability to generate idealized logarithmic spiral test images of a specified size that have 1 to 6 arms with pitch angles of -75 degrees to 75 degrees
* Ability to output Fourier amplitude versus inner radius and pitch angle versus inner radius for each Fourier component (m = 0 to m = 6)
* Ability to calculate the Fourier amplitude weighted mean pitch angle across m = 1 to m = 6 versus inner radius

* * *
# Citation
_P2DFFT_ is in the process of being published and is therefore considered proprietary at the moment. We are willing to share the code in exchange for co-authorship. If you are interested in using this new code, please contact [Patrick Treuthardt](mailto:patrick.treuthardt@naturalsciences.org) or [Marc Seigar](mailto:msseigar@d.umn.edu).

_2DFFT_ can be found [here](http://www.d.umn.edu/~msseigar/2DFFT/2DFFT.tar.gz).  If you publish results using this code, please cite the following paper:

[Davis, B. L., Berrier, J. C., Shields, D. W, et al., _Measurement of Galactic Logarithmic Spiral Arm Pitch Angle Using Two-Dimensional Fast Fourier Transform Decomposition_, ApJS, 199: 33 (2012)](http://iopscience.iop.org/0067-0049/199/2/33/).
* * *
# Available Versions

[p2dfft-4.0.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-4.0.tgz) (Major update to switch to using the Harvard FFTW3 libraries for performance and better licensing terms.  Alos further updates to avg.py output plotting program, bug fixes, additional documentation, and more usuability enhancements)

[p2dfft-3.5.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.5.tgz) (Major updates to avg.py output plotting program, bug fixes, and usuability enhancements)

[p2dfft-3.3.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.2.tgz) (Updated instructions, add support for reentrant flag in CFITSIO libraries, and correct error in handling ASCII FITS files)

[p2dfft-3.2.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.2.tgz) (Eliminated compatibility issue between C++11 and GCC versions older than 4.9)

[p2dfft-3.1.tgz](https://github.com/treuthardt/P2DFFT/blob/master/p2dfft-3.1.tgz)
